Clarify how Component configuration works (#2507)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/components-concept.md

 You can get a list of current components available in the hosting environment using the `dapr components` CLI command.

> ## Component configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Component specification
```

> Components are configured at design-time via use of a CustomResourceDefinition (CRD) YAML file which is stored in either a `components/local` folder within your solution, or globally in the `.dapr` folder created when invoking `dapr init`. These YAML files adhere to the generic [Dapr component schema]({{<ref "component-schema.md">}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each component has a specification (or spec) that it conforms to. Components are configured at design-time with a YAML file which is stored in either a `components/local` folder within your solution, or globally in the `.dapr` folder created when invoking `dapr init`. These YAML files adhere to the generic [Dapr component schema]({{<ref "component-schema.md">}}), but each is specific to the component specification. 
```

> It is important to understand that configuration values, particularly spec metadata, can change between Components of the same general Component type (i.e. state stores), and that some design-time configuraion values can be overridden at runtime when making requests to a Component's API. As a result, it is strongly recommended to review [component specs]({{<ref "components-reference">}}), paying particular attention to sample payloads for requests used to interact with the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to understand that the component spec values, particularly the spec `metadata`, can change between components of the same component type, for example between different state stores, and that some design-time spec values can be overridden at runtime when making requests to a component's API. As a result, it is strongly recommended to review a [component's specs]({{<ref "components-reference">}}), paying particular attention to the sample payloads for requests to set the metadata used to interact with the component.
```
